This is the tadpole Wikipedia page.
Probably wondering why I'm here.
They have no hard parts anyway,
this is kind of what I wanted to show you,
which is why I'm on this page.
Apparently tadpoles are used in
a variety of cuisines in China,
India and Peru, so knowing this,
I wanted to ask the community on Twitter,
mostly just king bee dogs.
Can I eat tadpole in Minecraft 1.19
knowing that they are coming in one point?
19 I got a response. Can be dogs.
Yes, so it has been confirmed by Dev that
we can eat tadpoles in Minecraft 1.19,
so there's only one use for them.
So here's my tadpole just
sitting on this quartz block.
If you're wondering if this is all
discovered last night on the Twitch stream.
So here's my tadpole. Just swimming
inside this pool that I created.
I had more tadpoles here.
I wonder where they went?
I had like three. Now there's only one.
They're all over here.
They act a lot like fish because
they use fish AI.
Anyway, I grab one of these tadpoles.
I put it on this block just to
demonstrate what it would be like.
In one point 19, to eat a tadpole.
Now just going to find it
within myself to do this.
No, I can't do it OK,
I'm just gonna put the tadpole back.
Right clicking back into the pool we belong.
Oh no.